c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\obj\Debug\DollarWords.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\DollarWords.Tests.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\DollarWords.Tests.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\DollarWords.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\DollarWords.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.xml
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\obj\Debug\DollarWords.Tests.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\obj\Debug\DollarWords.Tests.pdb
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\trey.hayden.ets\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DollarWords\DollarWords.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
